| Key | Value                |
| --- |----------------------|
| Date: | 19-3-2024            |
| Time: | 14:45                |
| Location: | Drebbelweg Cubicle 2 |
| Chair | Mete Aksoy           |
| Minute Taker | Storm van Wassenaar  |
| Attendees: | all team members     |
# Agenda: 
##### Opening by chair (1 min) 14:46

##### Check -in: How is everyone doing? (1 min) 14:46

##### Announcements by the team (2 min) 14:46

-Buddycheck it is formative, so you don't have to pass the first buddycheck.

##### Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min) 14:47

##### Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min) 14:47

### Announcements by the TA (3 min) 14:47

- This week the TA will give formative feedback on HCI and testing.

- Exam/Presentation is in week 10 (16,18,19 april) if you are unavailable let the TA know.

### Presentation of the project model (5 min) 14:50

### Talking points: (Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss) 14:53
#### Task Distribution
- Frontend and Backend (3 min)
    - Tudor and Storm are working on frontend this week.
    - People who are working on backand to fix the BootRun.
#### Main Topics
- **Fix build, appoint people (3 min)** 14:55
    - The 4 people of the backend are going to work on the build.
- Next steps for the project? (3 min) 14:56
- **Functionalities** Start to implement the basic, necessary functionalities, appoint people (10 min) 

    - Configure the checkstyle 

    - Frontend
        - Admin Login 
            - Button on homescreen

        - Go back button from event
        - Event overview (Admin)
            - Order by title / creation date / last activity  <-- new attribute
            - Delete event
            - Create Backups
        - Add new event with JSON file (Admin)

    - Backend

        - User
            Andac has a dept class almost done.

        - Removing expenses
        - Switch language
            - Switch case with enums

        - Random password (for admin)
    


- **Gitlab issues** dont forget to make them and close them whenever it is finished (2 min) 15:20

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min) 15:20


#### Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
###### Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (2 min)
###### Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)  15:21
###### Closure (1 min) 15:21
