| Key | Value                |
| --- |----------------------|
| Date: | 02-04-2024            |
| Time: | 14:45                |
| Location: | Drebbelweg Cubicle 2 |
| Chair | Ivan Nikolov |
| Minute Taker | AndaÃ§ Durmaz  |
| Attendees: | all team members     |
# Agenda: 
##### Opening by chair (1 min) 14:46
##### Check -in: How is everyone doing? (1 min) 14:46
##### Announcements by the team (2 min) 14:46
##### Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min) 14:47

##### Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min) 14:47

 Announcements by the TA (3 min) 14:47
 self-reflection  exactly follow the instructions
 clearly show structure (parts and academic references 
 (theory, code of conduct, roles of chair/minute-taker, stuff from the slides))
 hci is subjective -> you can lose points from it

### Contributions for each team member from last week ( 3 min) 14:57

### Presentation of the project model (5 min) 14:50

### Talking points: (Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss) 
#### Formative Assignments (8 min) 15:00

- Final Buddycheck - 12th April
- Self reflection -12th April?


#### Main Topics

- What do we still need to implement? (10 min)
    - What is left? Are we missing any basic features? Which extensions will we do?
	- connect to server
    - connect multiple clients to a server
    - long polling almost works
    - adding the button to change serverURL
    - sum of expenses
    - (extension) debt (separate page)
    - see passwords
    - showing event according to recency
    - (extension) saving the language switch to config file (calling method)
    - ExpenseInfo class
    - last -> currency extension
    - e-mail notification
    - default expense tags
  
- Testing (5 min) 15:13
    - How do we want to test the frontend?

- Human computer interaction(3 min) 15:15
	- Tab indexes
	- UI design
	- Validation 
	- Shortcuts
    - 
Tudor:
    - long polling
    - updating for events
    - if done, testing
Ivan:
    - invitations
    - statistics
Jort
    - join event
    - server address to config
    - if done, help
Storm
    - finish language switch
    - test
Mete:
    - add tests
    - pop-ups
Andac:
    - edit expense
    - pop-ups
    - debts
	
-Ask TA for what can we improve at the current state of the application (5 min) 15:24

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min) 15:26


#### Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
###### Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (2 min)
###### Question round: Does  have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
###### Closure (1 min) 15:27
